Feat: Introduce UNSTABLE_ProductLogo component #DS-1350 (#1532)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/UNSTABLE_ProductLogo/README.md

# UNSTABLE ProductLogo

⚠️ This component is UNSTABLE. It may significantly change at any point in the future. Please use it with caution.
The UNSTABLE_ProductLogo component is used to display a product logo.

The `UNSTABLE_ProductLogo` component is used to display the logo of the product.

```jsx
import { UNSTABLE_ProductLogo } from '@spirit/web-react';

<UNSTABLE_ProductLogo>
  <!-- Logo go here -->
</UNSTABLE_ProductLogo>;
```

### Inverted color

You can add an `isInverted` prop to invert the color of the logo.

```jsx
import { UNSTABLE_ProductLogo } from '@spirit/web-react';

<UNSTABLE_ProductLogo isInverted>
  <!-- Inverted logo go here -->
</UNSTABLE_ProductLogo>;
```

## API

| Name         | Type        | Default | Required | Description                       |
| ------------ | ----------- | ------- | -------- | --------------------------------- |
| `children`   | `ReactNode` | `null`  | ✓        | Content of the ProductLogo        |

> | `isInverted` | `bool`      | `false` | ✕        | f true, Logo is in inverted color |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `isInverted` | `bool`      | `false` | ✕        | whether is in inverted color |
```

Reviewer: Or otherwise fix the  typo `f` -> `if` :-)

> | `isInverted` | `bool`      | `false` | ✕        | If true, Logo is in inverted color |

Reviewer 2: ?

```suggestion
| `isInverted` | `bool`      | `false` | ✕        | If true, Logo has inverted colors |
```

Because we change `color` and `background-color`.
